hello must have been with you and you
looked into the corner of moto nexus today we
with our comrades and friends in the helmet
tell you how to choose a motorcycle
what you should pay attention to
approach this choice and how not to get
at the same time you would
further you Sergei everything sounds all
will outline his lab and i will show
clearly what it looks like and
at the end we made some results
let us draw some conclusions
if you do not find this video and you
someone advised him
know you already got this person
with your questions about choosing the first
motorcycle in general i'm sergy breaking and oh
choice of today and will be discussed this
the manual is designed for sensible
people and a clinical case like on it
16 years old I want to hayabusa
does not consider at first we shall understand than
differ in weight motorcycles
or maybe design actually
they differ in purpose therefore
buy and liter sportbike for
daily driving through urban traffic jams with
work to work
it's like nailing
microscope scientifically scheme
selecting 1 bike looks like this start with
each axis assignment diagram has
5 divisions depending on frequency
use of the motorcycle in certain
conditions
all you have to do is not lie to yourself and
prioritize properly
and when you will be clear before your eyes
scheme of own needs shaven
motorcycle class becomes a matter of technique
for example, these charts look like this
for different motorcycles
now we will make amorphous
motorcycle assignment view
more specifically weight and carrying capacity
everything is simple you must have power
lift a fallen motorcycle alone
so if you are 45 kilogram
a girl 300 kilogram bike is not
best choice to start at the same time
if your weight is good for a hundred and ride you
prefer with equal luggage
or homosapiens similar build
then on our roads
anime hundred twenty-five vat
the bikes will be for you not transport from
consumables like socks
saddle height in the first stage you
it will be much easier to handle
motorcycle if during the stop though
would one foot securely reach to
land as driving improves
skill height motorcycles ceases
play a decisive role
ergonomics driving you should be
convenient is an axiom of design and power
you get used to your motorcycle
but an uncomfortable fit will be for you
as a millennium task for mathematicians
so you need to buy
sit on the chosen motorcycle for
This has three options to come to the place
collecting bikers of the city itself and bye
the owner does not see sit down on your favorite
motorcycle in drink account they are cool here
this is a real motorcycle nishtyak
get for it in the face and after a week
try to sit back on a bike
before politely asking for it
owner to look into the nearest motor show
the manager will certainly not beat you
about teybl but before
sitting on a motorcycle is desirable too
ask permission if the previous two
options for whatever reason you
unavailable
just go to the lander website
choosing a motorcycle model and entering your
anatomical parameter you will be able to
evaluate how you look at that
or other tales
as well as how it will look
Fedor Makhnov or
junri baluing new or was most often
I watch a picture when they take cash
very cool but extremely used
motorcycle
naively believing that he will descend on him
divine grace and he will be like that
as reliable as the years of his youth
will not be if you are well versed in
technicians have a full set of workshop
professional tools and not
shy away
dirty hands in oil you can take
even the bottom valve of the last century
lain several decades in
swamp and before that damaged by the explosion
yeah bombs but if questions like
adjust valve clearance like me
clutch discs oil seals forks or
steering column bearings
you answer shrug who
best choice for you
less steep but much more fresh it
prices or budgeting expenses
on regular visits moti table
now when you painted in imagination
image of a perfect motorcycle
move on to the last item which
will bring you back to reality cost
motorcycle should be absolutely for you
lifting do not get into debt or
take a loan
since in the first three seasons chance
break the bike as high as possible
focus only on your financial
opportunities and laying in advance
repair pirates not less than 20 percent of
motorcycle value
also don’t donate
outfitting for the purchase of more expensive
yamaha r1 motorcycles and bought for delivery
the chinese member is the best way in person
make sure the existence of the afterlife
life after analyzing the experience of hundreds
bikers i can add one more tip
seventy three and a half percent
cases, the choice of the first motorcycle
turns out to be erroneous and
rider in a year seeks to change
therefore analyze it
price changes and choose a motorcycle with
the lowest reduction rate
greatest demand on
secondary market if same you hesitate
between several similar models
can use classic
decision matrices learn but not
forget to subscribe to our channel
because in the next issue we
compare the braking performance on
sbs motorcycle and without
well and the most important thing you should not forget when
choosing a motorcycle what is the principle of choice and
motorcycle akin
choice of underwear for a loved one
because it is still very much
scrupulous
and personal action for each
human in particular negative you would
may result in
you will blame me all in a row
our friends in the helmet
van operator will blame for the fact that they
advised you a motorcycle which you
the result did not like this
there is no specific manual
the choice of models that is, we do not say
to you here and children if you such it here
go such a motorcycle choose no we
told you the general concept that is
general principle
how should I approach the choice of a motorcycle I
I hope not to overwhelm him
will not be like questions and we on
root we will cut this tree between times
open PM and our subscribers
thank you very much sergey for participating in this
I think you all appreciated the project if so
like and subscribe to our
entertaining channels but what about you?
bolt bye bye